MС-1680 - system/env properties update for 5.2 (#193)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/deploy-manage/pages/active-directory.adoc

if none is provided. You can find out the default by calling the
`javax.net.ssl.TrustManagerFactory#getDefaultAlgorithm` method.

> For all the Active Directory SSL configuration options, see xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc[].

Reviewer: I think we can remove the duplicated properties from this section and just provide this sentence and the link.

Author: reworked the block

> For all the Active Directory SSL configuration options, see xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the xref:deploy-manage:system-properties.adoc#hazelcast-mc-ad-ssl-protocol[SSL configuration options] for Active Directory.
```
